Usage: jsets toc FILE [FILE] [--key=SETNO]

Downloads content information for each issue in a specified journal
set in file FILE and generates output with all the corresponding
citations. If more than one FILE is provided as an argument, then
the journal sets between each of the files are collated together by
journal set number. If there is only one journal set in the resulting
collection, then no set number is necessary, and the single journal
set will be used to query PubMed for content information. If there
are multiple journal sets, then a journal set number must be provided
using the --key/-k option.

The resulting table of contents information for the journal set can
be output in a variety of formats, with txt being the default. Other
supported formats are Markdown (md or mkd) and html. The output
format is specified using the --output/-o option and the appropriate
file extension. For example, to generate tables of contents
information for journal set 6 in file <jsets2019.txt> and display it
formatted as Markdown, use

    jsets toc jsets2019.txt --key=6 --output=myToC.md

To do the same with html output, use

    jsets toc jsets2019.txt --key=6 --output=myToC.html

When the output format is html, each citation has a checkbox that
can be used to select it for inclusion in a selection file that can
be saved to your downloads folder. The selection file can be read by
JSets to create another table of contents with highlighted citations
or ranks output (see <ranks> command). Table of contents output can
be formatted with additional instructions using the --instruct/-i
option. The default style does not include these instructions.

Note that the PubMed E-Utilities API allows a maximum of three
requests per second, and each table of contents for an issue requires
two requests. Therefore, JSets inserts a one second delay between
each table of contents requests.
